looks like Matt you're the host now and
you got the recording started alright
so Victor seems like Norris has a
question before oh yeah some some little
debrief from DEFCON would be would be
awesome - Oh Waco yeah yeah I'm the
biggest it with the yeah so this is the
ipfs all hands alright so I guess we
start off with the Catalonia yeah so we
a couple of us from ipfs has been kept
calm I think maybe Jeremy could give an
overview of depth on in general at one
point later but what I what I wanted to
share is that we had a specific event a
couple of days ago after calm where we
talked specifically about how these
different decentralized technologies can
help with censorship and other things
specifically in Catalunya and trying to
come up with solutions could help try I
think the event ended up being 100
people more or less there was a huge
interest in trying to come up with
version which was very cool to see and
we split up into smaller groups maybe 10
15 people in each group and I was
leading a group with focused on how
ideas can help with censorship things
and we came up we were pretty much
quickly established that ipfs is ready
to be used the anonymity could be better
but it sits well enough now the biggest
problem comes on how to discover a
content and where to
covered content from so to be able to
offline share hashes with an impaired or
pass around USB sticks and give tools to
replicate these USB sticks and also
leverage the existing mesh networks that
exist in catalonia today griffie which i
think is the second biggest mush network
in the world right now so we came up
with some some ideas of how we can move
forward with this but it would be great
if we could come up with some more ideas
on how to apply and share hashes and
tools that we can use your trim cool and
is that the mesh network is that
different from I know and Laurie I just
yesterday someone came to my news feed
about mesh networks for and and that I'd
actually looked as LRA's actually you've
been involved in this mesh network and
is that different for a mesh network
Wi-Fi or is further from the protocol
level level layer two or is it actually
like ipfs feeling the content on top of
the hardware mesh network yeah so we see
is it's working bye-bye antennas that's
a point to pearson on your pure peer
with antennas and ipfs would just be
used to be able to pass around the
content and we also have been working
with the quick or we were starting to
work now with quickly peep people to
build distributed DNS service for their
internal network as well so me and Loras
met with them in the hack day that was a
couple of weeks ago where we talked with
people and they may not want to use IP
first pass around content host web sites
and to distribute DNS records internally
on their private network so what's
missing is this relay so the circuit
really we're working on so they can
connect the internal nodes to the
outside Network a different network and
just building this DNS service and then
we can start thinking about other things
to you
so ipfs for in their network cool and I
think there's also in the issue but the
takedown of the gateways and so can you
just recap what the issue was in what
the worker run was yeah
so the ipfs it was a website of the
referendum on where to ha both how to
vote how you can be observer in the
referendum to happen and some other
details about the election it was
quickly censured by the Spanish
government and eventually the Spanish
government to control over the doctor
which is or local top-level domain so
people started mirroring the website on
different domains and the Spanish
government continued to to block other
domains on the ISP level and then
eventually I think it was the pirate
party during colonial who put the
website on aquifer and the Catalan
president tweeted a link to this website
and he was quickly blocked as well the
DNS of our food gateways which also
meant that other things were blocked as
well it was just all the gateways were
blocked smoke kills the website gotcha
so any other update from Def Con well
before we moved from that Victor you
said you guys decided an invidious
fishing could you say more about what
you mean by that and what you don't mean
by that yeah so currently the when you
are pinning content or when you are
adding content to ipfs we cannot share
that with your notes so it's kind of
obvious which content you are adding and
things like that people were a bit
worried that you wouldn't be able it
will be easy to sniff and figure out who
is hosting what content and also the
lack of audited tor transports but some
people off as well so given those
concerns well what led people to say
that
in addition it was insufficient because
when you are adding content yeah when
you're adding content we share what
content you add to the nearby nodes so
we will easy for other people to see
what you're doing
even though maybe you did a minute so
any other updates from Def Con maybe
Jeremy was to its peak but a lot of yeah
so but a lot of stuff happened that
promise the most exciting in my opinion
is that I had several conversations with
different groups about using the p2p
in particular the go experiences and
those are interested in moving forward
with integrating with CTP into their
very many times and then starting to run
whisperer first and then moving towards
so there's be really exciting yeah we
get to put a few best in the game which
is our music that's that I talked to a
few other different blocked in groups
and they were also all really excited
especially the ones who are reading
something I'll have to look at that I'd
be really cool and so hopefully there's
a lot increased interest soon yeah so
any other
on the agenda before we dive into a
demos is devii just popped online give
thought to beat a chance if he wanted to
hey so one thing that we were going to
talk about with the four demos was the
JSI PFS is working on Safari which I saw
leave posted on Twitter so I asked
someone to give a demo and so I think
Victor head I'm here to discuss it but
actually if someone has Safari
Dawid if you have Safari running I
should be great to go yeah so I can show
it working on desktop and mobile let me
just open an app and so alright sorry I
just I feel I'm like in a controlled
crash playing mode here we now have the
mud people
I think 21 with the most we ever had no
it's fun too all right so if you see my
screen yeah I guess you do yep it's
awesome so yeah this is Safari if you're
not familiar with this window this pear
pad so it's the thing that we released
recently we raised atmosphere so it's
still in alpha
we haven't audited the codebase so the
idea is to make a fully peer to peer
private encrypted and collaborative
document into you can use it today but
until it's fully audited by security
specialists and like that's ensured that
the code is sounding even beijing sound
i would not
fines you to use it for any sensitive
information but you cannot go to peer
pat net and yeah and click the start
button to create one pad and if you do
that it gives you I this nice like my
crown you can I control the views here
and you can all right okay yeah I think
that the bucket pure pet I've seen the
same behavior the other day on type but
I've seen it in Firefox on Linux so okay
okay like mmm
so and you see that it says online so if
you go to the JavaScript console can you
still see the JavaScript console yep
alright so before you would see a bunch
of errors here it would say something
with web crypto is not there or
something with WebRTC was not there but
now this is like a stream and a pure
material it's just a connection that was
close that's fine but like there is no
error so you can open the same link now
I'm going to stop screen sharing - then
you jump to my camera so I'm going to
open that same link to my phone
alright
when you put it here
all right so just connected and so you
can see my phone like I have the weather
hi tack there and I can go to my browser
again can you see how I changed yeah all
right yeah all right yeah
Safari mobile working so and I don't
have an Android phone working because
mine broke but if someone has an
indirect phone and wants to show their
Android phone like holding the same path
it should work on Chrome as well I was
here knowing that Android gonna be great
but so this is an update in Safari to
enable web crypto is this would update
in JSI PFS yeah it was pretty much and I
could play it on Safari
so Safari basically the support team the
WebKit iam as I've been working on web
RTC and apparently they not only
implemented web RTC they also
implemented the rest of the web crypto
primitives that were missing and we just
happened to discover it by surprise
dream was fast because someone grabs an
iPhone and tested it on their mobile
device oh sorry I let somebody to work
and yeah that's a longer URL yeah that's
true feel you have to copy the whole
thing and open it on open it yeah your
Android device on chrome like markdown
flash a half another half yeah so there
is like two things that are being shared
their gear pair that's two modes one is
like read-only another one is right Plus
read so to have the read-only mode you
just need a key to decrypt the messages
that go through the pub/sub channel so
that the try it gets private like you
need to have a key to I have access to
the messages of the room otherwise just
receive
random lobs of data and then in order
for you to be able to write the
mechanism to give permission to write in
fear pad is that you sign the messages
we the key of the pad itself so you have
like this public/private key pair that
all the other nodes will try to sign it
messages that they rights with off
Germany is showing so I world okay all
right so so as always explaining there
is a key for signing the messages and
and appear pairs instance will only
accept the messages that it can validate
the signature and it will only take
those messages and add its to the CR DT
and then like if everything checks out
then it creates a new state locally and
then injects had move state into the
viewer into the editor so if you don't
have the right key so the signing key
you can still view if you have a decrypt
key but you cannot you they all appears
will never accept them your messages
because they will consider it that me
about it did I manage to like explain
any any questions on his business since
we last met
okay so I think guys know I had a demo
working with pub sub room I think I was
Hector's work with the IP ID respect
that I built for the D D ID on top of IP
FS so that still isn't working and some
I'm thinking and I still I think the web
crypto shim file is is still acting up
in Safari if it works fine in chrome and
so I think is there is the same
libraries being used in pub sub room
does anyone know yeah so it should be
like so Pierre pad also uses pops of
room so what might be happening is one
of two things or you don't have the
latest Safari version in your in your
machine or you have some old dependency
of the leap peer-to-peer stack of
modules and because you might be
installing with NPM five year likes
package lock or if you are using yarn
yeah like this lock file and so my
advice to for you to try just remove
that lock well remove the and no more
just Folger and install everything again
I need to work all right all right
exactly was my thought it was actually
I've sub the pet and see that I haven't
updated in that in the in the library
that I built and so I think I'll try
again because I think it opens up a huge
number of possibilities it's for web RTC
it's super cool sweet so a lot of people
are having trouble getting this load is
deprecated they have old versions of the
browsers and the web crypto is not
working is it working for me Anastasia
sizzle in the fresh pure path I know I I
had to download I had to quit and
reinstall Safari so it was Safari
version 11.04 me but it was very last
week he could just also be slow to like
establish the connection to the notes
who have the comfort can take a while so
I have this version here yeah if it's
not working for you on Chrome I like see
any error on the open an issue first
yeah like still alpha so thank you for
testing yup and yeah there is like some
things that are still rough especially
like if you open multiple tabs so that
that's like a known bug and I can heart
into and all if you open multiple tabs
we had two options or we would create
multiple ipfs nodes or we will try to
use one nodes and as the other tabs
synchronized through the indexdb itself
and so we are trying to do that so I can
instead of a key opening multiple nodes
so multiple
notes creating a tht presence we only do
one and then we try to use one no to
proxy all the requests to all the pop
subs and that's kind of hard so if you
are trying peer bad for optimal usage
try with just one top right now not a
phone all right cool any other questions
about your pad one thing like the video
right now if I open up your pad and I'd
filled it in with information is that
data being stored on that or is it only
stored in my browser
it's just storing your browser and all
the other browsers have to share that
URL we don't have any pinning service
attached pfl right now that stores a
little for you also if we end up doing
that we will only store the included box
so like no other service will actually
be able to like see the data that you're
storing everything will be encrypted and
so it will always require you to provide
a key in order to like see what was the
content of the pad which brings up a
topic it's very relevant turn there all
right sorry sweet mutton next is the
data together so that Matt or you or b5
okay yep call yeah so we've been working
a little bit over a together on some of
this archival work and I'd say I wanted
to demo something pretty quick it's
calling this an alpha would be a stretch
it's a proof of concept at most but
trying to get the work specification to
work properly with sort of IPS hash
structures and so yeah I feel why not
sure my screen will see what what's
going on here
so yeah can everybody see this okay
that's working yep
yeah so this is a really quick
command-line tool that we've made
wreaths always linked hmm it's about DT
for now I did it together for short it
only has one command which is archived
but basically what you can do is give it
to URLs and hit archived and what this
will do is it'll go and grab the URL is
in question but then also do a lot of
the things that the work specification
that asks you to do which is this can
grab any dependent resources of that
give it a web page pull all that in
it'll rewrite all of the URLs to look
the way they should and then that will
give you back a hash that is sort of
date stamps with some archives and stuff
wait for this to spin up and hopefully
with any luck it will actually show
quick sort of reference the archive so
we get the actual date of ingest and
then the URLs that we archives and
clicking this works properly you can
actually see the style sheets and then
same thing with this thing things like
videos this is uh mr. Jim well it's
wonderful the code for live talk is
obviously not included this is a like a
very early version but just focusing on
sort of getting some basics in place
yeah it's kind of quick demo what's
going on
so we're using this a bunch in the
context of trying to archive government
data and try to get clean consistent
archives of URLs and to be able to sort
of duplicate them there's a whole bunch
of stuff in here but I'm hoping to sort
of just drive everybody's attention to
this and if you have any interests you
can turn this over unto did the other
repos yeah stop traitor nice any
questions it is it's the source for this
of a list of its various source for this
available somewhere or everything's over
there dinner together organization I put
a note in the in the actual hack mg yeah
it's I mean it's super early but a
couple of I wanted to sort of get a
conversation going
about a couple of key things like the
way that the path thing works I really
want to be able to have the rewrite of
those URLs sort of match so that
multiple iterations multiple archives of
the same thing will result in the same
hash and so rewriting the URL so I'll be
relative to the root of the hash but
also using the domain name as sort of
the folder the top-level folder seems to
be a good starting point but I'm not
totally sure that that will get clean
consistent deduplicating records there's
a lot of work to be done there there's a
lot of work to be done in general but oh
I should have demoed the other thing you
can actually so that archive actually
writes everything required to satisfy a
work file which is everybody's seen what
words do but they people use a little
often like in a court of law and
eventually we could the next thing to
build here is to get a export to a work
file that will match the sort of more
expensive patient's that are working the
Wayback Machine ated and other sort of
things but I thought it was pretty
important that the actual content of the
archives should display on ipfs natively
and so that's how this relates with the
planetary way that weird yeah so Matt
Kelly from ultimen University is also
sort of chimed in and helped us sort of
work through how to get good
interoperability with the existing IP WV
and playback machine tools that are
highway 2 pi WB tools and it's not just
people who this work is not just about
are coming with credits or reference
it's also about our pending dataset and
using a lot of these archival principles
that were developed for archiving
webpages and applying that those same
structures to something I want to call
out with this is which irrelevant this
is why this is relevant to the gears mmm
what's relevant to the few pet demo is
that with when you have content on ITSs
then you need to figure out which nodes
should be holding the content and so
when you apply that with an idea of a
collective asset so whether that a
government data set or is it pure pads
that was collaboratively edited by three
people from the same company you need to
figure out where you're going to pin
that stuff and who gets to decide what
gets pinned and where and so this is
where data together is this kind of side
project is trying to tackle that more in
general and tackle those problems that's
how they apply to the defense like web
in general not just icsf so we happen to
be building tooling like what Brendan
showing that is doing this with our TFS
tool but it's also something that just
applies in general with any Content that
story using distributed system potential
item cool and what about the metadata
associated with the the archiving so
like when when it was hashed with
specific domain was it so is there a
structure for representing that mm-hmm
yeah so currently it's all being written
into a work file which actually exists
at the of the archive which keeps all in
that's Britney in accordance with the
work spec the last the next thing to
ship is to actually pull the body of the
workout and just reference the hash of
the actual block on that give us so as
of right now you're getting duplicate
writing so I wouldn't recommend this is
like a used today tool in the future
we'll sort of make it so just references
the hash and that's actually the model
is built into is a ward file yeah it's
it work as though as our partner
it's an ISO specification it's really
with the old back from the table they
use character turn newline is like a way
of delimiting things yeah so it's the
nice thing is it does give you
everything you need to understand sort
of what came from that there is a bit of
a privacy concern there though as well
because the work spec does request that
you record your IP address when you do
the archiving I think there's an
interesting question there about what to
do in the context of it
is the oriented framework
gotcha any other questions about it well
super cool do you have anything else on
the agenda today I think we have another
demo from someone I just added some
stuff and Jeremy also added one item
there are quick things just like
announcements making sure everyone is on
a little I go yeah good cool slow three
things one of them is so you saw the
demo of peer pads as I said like we wear
this conference was fast in London for a
weekend and we spent like two days there
I create a bunch of sessions there were
a bunch of discussions which of those
will be converted to blog posts that we
wouldn't publish for everyone to see but
one of those sessions was actually a
workshop and for that workshop was
explaining teaching out to UCR it is an
idea fest to create apps like peer pad
and what we did was we created a repo
called peer to peer flip chart which
helps you create a thing with the same
charity library that PayPal is using but
to create a flip chart on a web page so
you can like at your participatory
meetings and everyone can click chart
make drawings and take notes instead of
using text and so there is a flyback
that I linked here on the notes which
adds like what was the workshop step by
step we want to record it as a video as
well so it's easier easier to follow but
you can check the code today on my PFS
shipyard pew pew flip chart and see how
it works it's it's kind of like a super
version of peer pad because it doesn't
have the crypto and just as the sinking
so it's good to get started the next
thing is there has been a lot of
development on the windows support for
just because it is something that the
community just like appeared and started
reading so Richard no trophies here
well he's from New Zealand so different
time zone as being you know like going
module by module and leveling up failure
and like running the tests on Windows
and like fixing the the things that
we're missing especially on a lattice or
layer to make sure that Jessica's can
run on Windows so I expect to have
Detective s running on Windows by the
next release 0:27 and last I don't the
least is something that I'm really
excited about so if you're used like by
the way if you have questions raise your
hand the last one is a new streaming and
buffered API for Jessup EFS if you use
JSF EFS in the past you typically would
consume like a file through a readable
stream to an OGS stream and it gives you
like nice properties like back pressure
and it gives you a really nice API for
piping into other things that were used
to parse loss of data the problem is the
readable stream shim for the browser is
kind of like very memory intensive which
is a problem so we started seeing users
reporting that they were having trouble
troubles using our API still pull of
files on 300 Mike's and more and yes
there were some performance issues there
are some things on the crypto lands but
like after fixing those one that was
very evident was just the streaming
library that we were using and and fun
fact is like we actually didn't use that
streaming library on internals because
we already knew that like it was not the
best the most performant it was just the
more widely adopted and so what we did
and what we've been working on is
creating a new API that exposes that
same old streaming API it's like if
you're you you are used to not just
range you can still use it but if you
are familiar with pou streams you can
use books frames directly which is a
thing that we use internally in just a
few cents or if you don't want to think
about streams at all if you are just
like handling with files like small
files less than a gig you can just allow
us to give you a
for with the file and you get the file
and you can use it and so a lot of
developers streams are still like thing
that's not natural so I expect that a
lot of people will be able to pick up on
these API is to like create more
interesting locations are like piphus
because it removes extremists from the
equation if you don't want them and that
is something that I'm going to release
on the next version as well
3:37 it is there's already an
implementation on Jessica's API so that
will ask tradition we implement it
always for API and so that's like one
single interface for both plans and
there is a pull request with a spec
already be fine so if you want to review
it and give feedback and see if you like
it please do and I will link it to the
notes ok and that's a specific branch in
specific man it is a specific branch on
Jessica's API and it is a specific
branch or an interface typical score I
haven't opened a branch on jad first yet
it will be also a specific branch that
well if you are unfamiliar with the
process of developing things online we
always have like work-in-progress pull
requests where we just like from the
beginning we open the pull request so
that everyone is aware like that fort is
happening and when it's time to review
using quite the reviewers and then merge
it and so let me lean here the pull
request for the interface which is where
I would love to get your feedback all
right so just like so 964 the comments
you can see a pull request so interface
IP FS core it has the spec and that's
let us know if we missed something or
there is do you like to see there that's
not there
all right cool any other questions about
it
all right now I guess all right so
Jeremy Europe with the next ipfs release
yeah yes it's new or these kind of it up
for over 12 dozen few fixes front that
were not present enough for that really
spill rubies can I get one
notably the Badger alternative data
store experiment works a lot better now
and actually build platforms so
theoretically that's the one to know and
you can use badger and shouldn't worry
about it but we're gonna still call it
experimental for another really several
yeah after that we should have the
actual release out pretty soon and
connection closing and all these
wonderful images there was a data
corruption plugin badger so we want to
hold off my tree fix that
yeah so that's updating from the
previous version of badger to this first
batch right
no there's a separate data corruption
bug or someone kept killing their God
their daemon and eventually it couldn't
recover interesting okay so yeah
experimental and they just explained
what badger in the context of dinosaur
thought yeah so right now ipfs uses a
combination of level BB and files on
this and some tree to store all the data
turns out storing files on this is
actually not that's especially given all
the defeats or spells you have to make
for different directories and syncing
change-making directories and storing it
a file for each block the overhead free
trial is actually nonzero so badger
gives us a single M map sorry I've used
is a single and match file and stores
all the data in there very efficiently
so it's much much much faster and also
should be more so we're hoping to switch
to that as default but we're working out
working out so just to clarify that
means badger replaces both platypus and
the level story that is the idea right
now we're gonna probably do some
different experiments with that but yeah
we have the data source configuration
models actually really nice you can you
can make it replace at all or you can
modify it yourself and still use a
little DB port configurations really
nice now we can make it work however you
want it all right any other questions
about it alright any other items one
question
oh here we go who is going to be
released probably by the end
awesome thanks okay any other items on
the agenda I like I see there is a
question from Sam Holmes here on
materials about charities just wanted to
point out that we have a repo research
RG and it's just like a collection of
materials about charity stalks papers
blog posts and also issues of things
that people are like experimenting with
right now on top of ipfs so if you want
like to learn about charities there's a
lot of materials get started there or if
you want to follow those discussions and
they are typically a good point to start
all right cool all right any other items
all right so I move that we adjourn qex
if you could add the delivers good that
the recording please send it to KX to
add a list of notes there is a there is
another demo I think Oh all right all
right
tensorflow said it yes can you guys hear
me yep okay cool
yes hi everybody I wanted to give just a
quick introduction to the project that
isn't fully released yet but it seemed
like a good opportunity to tell people
about well what was up with it and then
we can go into more detail if people are
interested either offline or in another
one of these fellows so for anyone not
familiar with tensorflow I mean turn on
screen shooting okay so can can folks
see my my desktop yep
okay great so tags are flow ease and is
a those are not familiar it's a machine
learning framework and toolkit for the
research community and for folks to be
running machine learning in production
it's a very official Google project they
they have a lot of resources on it it's
extremely extensible if people want more
background on tensorflow itself that's
probably a good use of out-of-band
communication but the basic idea is
researchers write papers using tensor
flow they will publish their results and
know sometimes publish source code and
so they're running these models and
these systems across terabytes of data
across either one machine
make tens of $10,000 or dozens or
hundreds or in some cases thousands of
machines turning through terabytes of
data trying to train these models so
tensorflow has an interface that you can
add file system implementations and so
they have actually five implementations
of how to read and write data into
tensorflow POSIX Hadoop Google Cloud
Storage our memory Matt's file system
and not written here but there's also an
s3 file system so the interface for
adding your own file system is C++ so I
spent a little while combining ipfs and
tensorflow in making IPPF that is
interplanetary tensorflow this
implements that C++ interface and then
provides a new URL scheme which I've
gotten a little bit of feedback from the
ipfs team we haven't finished that
discussion yet but the premise is
anything that you start with IETF colon
slash slash intensive flow actually
jumps out to the like ipfs Damon and or
network as appropriate so I can offer a
quick demo I just downloaded this random
I just downloaded this random project
off of github that says you know
download our thing and run Python top
train that PI and so if I use you guys
can still see correct yep so here I've
got this is that project sure can you
just do me a little bit you mean I can
make pumps much like there we go perfect
okay so in this case I PT f is the name
of the binary musing and telling it I
wanted to print URL change the project
directory but I'm just running train dot
pi and I'm telling it that the youth of
the place to put logs is IPT F colon
slash slash repo root which is just my
local repo in the top-level directory
logs and then I'm telling it to save the
model so if I for Speed I'm actually
gonna tell it to run offline if you
don't about to note it starts up its
online and so this is actually running
the daemon in process and using a
sequence we'd base bridge to shuttle
data some C++ in to go etc so this thing
is loading pre-press files this is the
model running and just a moment we'll
see you start doing some tensor
tensorflow like normal logging
operations that's good does that oh
thanks Allah and I'll show you guys the
other half of this my computer doesn't
handle the zum-zum app very well okay so
you can see tensorflow started up and
another moment while this is running are
there any questions so far for the
things I've described to using a CPU
based training oh yeah for this demo
this is just tensorflow
the simplest tensorflow cpu i'm
progressively logging the file system
operations that's just to prove that
stuff works this is noise that I've
added so you can see it's adding these
are that all the files files that it's
writing or appending to you et cetera
the API that tensorflow uses to write to
file systems is actually a surprisingly
good fit for ipfs you cannot randomly
modify a file you can only append or
three files so it's really nice time
shot in the relatively high performance
so you can see this thing is running
it's running really really slowly if
they're running on GPU etc
much faster which is running in the
cloud or much much faster
okay so I'll stop that right there and
I've also the way that you use
tensorflow is you run your stuff you log
to some directory and then they have a
server that you run along with a
dashboard that you can use pop censor
board and so this does the same exact
thing for tensor board in that it binds
to interval to the same you guys can
still see correct yep okay cool so yeah
this is tensor board running actually no
he can't actually sorry did you see
here's terminal you just need to turn so
you should I see only thing might be to
connect thank you
I can try to reduce the visual
complexity of here we go okay so this is
the tensor board interface and if you
see down here in the bottom left corner
it might be a bit small it's reading
from the top level IP TF logs directory
and you can see a couple of the test
runs I did earlier this morning and you
can see that this is the actual training
operation so one of the things that
makes this special is this is publishing
to an by default an IPS namespace which
means that anybody that runs ten port on
their machine can pull logs off of your
machine while your model is training and
there's more advanced things you can do
all the things you can do a tensor board
work with this because it looks just
like a normal file system this is
extremely sensitive to high performance
like you know you want to be able to
read from these things and as quickly as
we possibly can so one of the big things
to do for this is making sure that this
is just a local file system where as
close as we can get to it which is why
I'm actually running a daemon in process
rather than via the HTTP eight because
researchers and folks running production
will just reject something that wants to
slogan so
you'd be able to see all the pretty
graphs and visuals etc here if it's
running a little faster the last thing
I'll show you is that this actually is
publishing to the ipfs overlay Network
and if I were to click on logs or save
you'd be able to actually browse the
actual loans that were generated by by
this in the normal I to do this so again
this is a call ITTF it's something that
a lot of researchers are extremely
excited about because of a rough and
flex it is to share data sets today sort
of the best way to get data sex right
now is something called the best way to
get them quickly is something call
academic Florence and it's an
out-of-band way to download data ahead
of time you still need to unpack
etcetera and with IPTS you read a you
know a particular file deep in a data
set and you'll fetch it just in time to
the for the machine learning workers
that are doing this so that's the demo
that I have if there any questions I can
answer or we can talk about stuff that's
super cool way cool how about just atom
kg no worry from and what do you do
think you're new to the calls I am let
me disable my screen sharing because my
computer's having difficulty in stature
yeah so my name is a taboo and Gayle I
sway back LAN at MIT I've been out in
San Francisco were working on startups
and programming languages and shuted
systems and I've spent the last year
working on building a suite of tools for
people doing machine learning and people
trying to apply machine learning to
software businesses so yeah that's it
that's a super-high level this is a part
of
a large comprehensive suite of tools for
making it possible to just download
datasets like you would watch movies on
Netflix to be able to download models
and apply them just like you would
download an app from an app store or a
Python library from my past so that's
just a bit of background but my audio
quality is all right yeah it looks like
mine's slowing down - does anyone have
any questions I can't see hands right
now I had a question I am introducing as
the you're using ITN f to distribute the
on-the-fly distribute the hashes of the
dataset so the IPT f provides access to
both the IP NS and ipfs namespaces so
datasets will be published using IP IP
FS hashes for stability because
reproducibility is extremely important
but when publishing logs across machines
I'm using IP NS and so the resolution
time isn't great I'm figuring that
hospital with rising type will raise all
the boats here so for some of their
working folks a bit that ain't your
question yeah so the thing I wonder in
the Germans Dawid around here is a
wonder if it would actually be worth you
looking into using instead if you have a
constraint number of machines who are
wanting to follow those updates and that
feed of that information propagating is
important you might get much better
performance reviews awesome I might be
wrong there Jeremy am i right there I
think you are right Matt and like what
other things that these always working
right now and he's getting IPS over pups
up because sindhu happy messages like a
name service right like you sign records
we the private key and everyone can
validate with the public key and that
Ingo idea fest today on the released
version works over at HT so you publish
those records to the HD and then other
peers kinda like fetch those records but
there is no limitation to like
publish those records to topsail as well
and there is something that I believe
visa is actively working on the IP
offense so what this mean is like soon
you will be able to use IP NS and get
fast updates across multiple nodes
without even to think about if they go
through the DHT or if they go through
pops up you can just like I wish your
name as you always would and if your
node is connected is online when other
nodes are subscribing to that IP NS name
then they will get faster updates
because the nodes can find each other
and have this direct connection we also
want to expose primitives that lets you
control that like you can even disable
DHT entirely and I call disable Copsey
literally or even like other methods to
to this continent routing but yeah like
working furnace so it sounds like yeah
public benefit him but actually you'll
kind of get that for free if you just
keep using a TNF and wait a little bit
yeah okay so yes cool it's in 4.12 or it
will be in after that Jeremy will be
able to ensure that it's not merged at
this point it's gonna be upcoming right
okay yeah that sounds that sounds that
sounds great I mean the there are some
other things that that are part of
tensorflow that are a fantastic fit for
some of the peer-to-peer channels in
ipfs and so i'm looking forward to
expanding making it possible to sort of
elastically grow the cluster of workers
working on a problem and doing all that
coordination over over at EFS right now
I just model if you seem to disc I
published the IP NS handle so lower
latency updates when you do that would
be maybe really magical and a lot of the
research community that I've shown this
to has been really excited about being
able to apply this so hopefully it's a
much larger and enthusiastic and
well-funded audience for ipfs to benefit
from exposure to very cool
pretty cool awesome finding down to
three minutes left
does anyone have any other last
questions or agenda items it doesn't
sound like it so who did they start the
recording today
alright can you save that to the notes
and text can you save it to the head yep
great all mm-hmm all right sweet thang
we broke a record 24 oh that's nice all
right see you next week yeah